my guest tonight was hunkered down long
before the government ordered him to be
he loves pot and pottery please say
hello to Seth Rogen Seth thank you for
checking in yeah no problem
how have you been okay
you know just cooped up at home like
everyone else are you open up a little
stir-crazy but I'm doing pretty well
thank you it's uh you know with the kids
here and you know macaroni and cheese
lots of you know ramen things like that
what sorry I didn't and what I do have
enough toilet paper worst come source I
have a box of McLovin t-shirts in my
garage from 2007 so yeah I didn't ask
about toilet paper Seth can you hear me
Seth yo hey hey what's up were you
playing a pre-recorded video of yourself
yeah I've been doing a lot of like zoom
calls and stuff lately and I realize I
don't actually have to be there for a
lot of them what you can do with free
recording these days I've been very
productive people are falling for this
yeah I gave a speech at a Bar Mitzvah
last week and I sold a pitch to
Paramount so uh yeah well you know are
you really one of our nation's greatest
minds Seth you seem to be a person who
was actually cut out for this
stay-at-home thing I mean like your hair
your beard just the kind of stuff you're
into your hobbies yeah this has not been
I we are not all in this together
because this has not been that happy
this has been I've kind of been self
isolating since 2009 I think to be
totally up I follow you on social media
and I notice that you're you do a lot of
pottery is is it all pottery ceramics as
well yes or no I do pottery ceramics
yeah I've been doing that I've smoked a
truly ungodly amount of weed in the time
that I've been more than normal yeah
thank God it's been declared an
essential service because that is
for me it is essential it's I never give
any law into existence more than that
one like that
I would describe it as essential so it's
perfect do you do that while you're
making pottery while you're working on
the wheel do you have a wheel I assume
I'm two-wheel I actually have three so
many of our friends wanted to do pottery
we got a literal third wheel me and my
wife to allow our friends to do pottery
with us but yeah we have we have wheels
we have a killed we found a place that
will deliver clay during this time of
quarantine
I started making soap dispensers because
I think that is thanks I've been a lot
of here's another soda you have this
beautiful homemade object that you
sculpted with your hands and yet you
have no choice but to put some piece of
Chinese plastic pump in the top that's
the next i'd love to come over and maybe
just the two of us take off our shirts
and reenact the scene from ghost you
know it gives us something to look
forward to if they ever happy belated
birthday by the way I know yesterday was
your birthday it was my good what do you
do when you can't go anywhere I did my
wife actually did have a rage for some
of our friends to drive by our house and
waved to me which I realize for me is
like perfect like that's all I want is
to see everyone for like 15 to 25
seconds I guess I don't like to close I
I'm more than happy to just go out wave
to my friends speak to them for 15
seconds and then everyone can go up
there berry way it's truly again I'm
really built for this the fact that I
have no kids is making this a truly not
that bad oh yeah this is something that
gets a lot of discussion in our house
how jealous we are of these people who
are able to do whatever they want
if I'm like I will be lying alone on my
deathbed having not talked to anyone for
15 years and I'll be like it was worth
it for that coronavirus how are your
parents doing they're good they're in
Canada which is a slightly better
functioning country at the moment that's
their slogan I think actually a slightly
better functioning country are they
taking it seriously are they are they
locked up are they staying active what
are they up to
no they're taking it serious thank God I
think the NBA being canceled was the
thing that really drove it home to my
dad he really would not have except that
was the thing where he was like okay
this is real but my mom is started doing
zoom yoga classes for she's a yoga
instructor and she does yoga classes too
she she is holding them she's not just
she's not just a part of them she's
actually she is the instructor in the
Xoom yoga class yeah do you ever do that
do you do
yo zoom yo go with your mom I have
attended a few zoom yoga class with my
mom but I think when it's your mom like
the sound of one open mother's voice is
the least relaxing thing in the entire
world there is there is no thing that is
less calming and centering that we're
gonna take a break
Seth Rogen's got a lot going on we're
gonna check and find out more about
Seth's life incarceration when we come
back since it keeps very busy especially
during this time of quarantine last
month you were watching the movie cats
on what was it a pay-per-view where were
you watching this it was on iTunes I
believe yeah okay and you decided to
live tweet along with it I did I just
found myself doing it wasn't it wasn't a
conscious to see I was one of those
until I looked back and I was like I've
been doing this for an hour
it was a very big hit people seem to
enjoy it very much well it seems like a
lot of people have been harboring the
feeling I've never seen cats the
Broadway musical I knew nothing about
cat and what I I was shocked
it's appalling it makes no sense it's
crazy and what I film maker I guess your
instinct is to be like this is a poorly
made movie which it might be but I do
think that it is it it's based on
nonsense
the play is nonsense and it long
supports a theory I have that like when
something is live you have a much lower
tolerance for how good or bad it is like
like there are things like like and cats
is the perfect example like that
survived on Broadway for like 40 years
it sucks as soon as you commit it to
film you see how it makes no sense and
it's like you could walk down it's like
you walk down the street you'll see a
guy like banging on like buckets and
you'll watch that for an hour like you
wouldn't watch a film of that happening
for an hour it's cool but as soon as
it's been committed to some sort of film
it has to be much better and cats did
not seem to understand that at the time
that they made the thing they felt like
oh people go watch this live it must be
entertaining that's not true just
because you want something live I want
some guy like balancing like a
dishwasher on his chin you know I go out
live you're like that's amazing I
wouldn't pay to go see that at the movie
theater did you hear from any of the
cast after you you went through it no
but a visual effects artist who worked
on the film actually reached out to me
and told me the greatest piece of news
I've ever heard which is that up until
very close to release all the cats had
butt holes had they realized very close
to release that that was a potentially
bad idea I keep doing this
and they had the visual effects artists
frantically erase all the buttholes from
cats in the weeks leading up to the
release but that
somewhere out there exists out of that
movie that is even crazier than the cut
that was released in that every cat oh I
hope there's a director's we're gonna
CGI out all the bottles exactly since we
are going through a very difficult time
each night I'm gonna be making a
donation to a charity of our guests
choice and you have a charity that you
have been very active with for a very
long time tell us about that um well we
have a charity HFC my mother-in-law
passed away recently of Alzheimer's she
had early onset Alzheimer's from time
she was in her mid 50s and ever since
then we started a charity and now
especially you know my father-in-law was
her caregiver for years and years and
years and he had helped people coming
into his house to help him care for her
and in times like this caregivers have
nothing the people that they generally
rely on are not there they are really
alone and one of the things we've done
just recently is try to create more
online support groups for people so they
can share their their pain and their
anguish in these times and and you know
I think this virus has really affected a
lot of people in a lot of ways but there
are people who are kind of already
dealing with disease and this has just
made that time much harder so HFC I know
you do a lot for them the website is we
are h FC org seth rogen Thank You Seth
you are a delight in every way I
appreciate you taking some time no
problem I'm a pleasure Jimmy stay good
stay clean wipe it down